Patryk Mazinski | 00:35
Hello. How are you? A fantastic.
Speaker 2 | 00:46
Yeah. I like this huge, totally huge. But I'm not the most confident in Excel analysis, so Tanner gave me this task that's due by tomorrow end of day, so trying now.
Patryk Mazinski | 01:05
I'm going to send you instructions on how to download or how to get Claude running in your Excel. That might help.
Speaker 2 | 01:18
My God. I didn't know you'd even do that.
Patryk Mazinski | 01:26
There we go. It'll help at least get you started. It's not perfect yet, but it's good.
Speaker 2 | 01:35
Yeah. No, absolutely.
Awesome. Thank you so much.
Patryk Mazinski | 01:55
Of course.
What's the Excel analysis you have to do?
Speaker 2 | 02:09
It's basically just running through a couple of scenarios because they want to close the plant down. So seeing where all the volume is and what the cost savings are. There's a model already, but the model is not reflective of a real-life situation.
They want to push it down to a southern state that they would not do that in real life because all their customers are in the Midwest. So hard coding stuff, I think maybe just... It seems scarier than it actually will be. I haven't dug into it yet, but hopefully, it's not too bad.
Speaker 3 | 02:48
Is that Wilson's model?
Speaker 2 | 02:51
Yes, it was the original one that Gab worked on over the summer.
Speaker 3 | 02:57
That was that wasn't for carry on, that was for.
Speaker 2 | 03:00
For pro grade.
Speaker 3 | 03:02
Yeah, right, but it's still for pro grade, right? Yeah. I mean, that model is not super complex, it's just a lot of data in the document. So you start decomposing it and a good way to look at it might be to drop it. I don't know if it's relevant to you, but a good way to look at Excel models that you don't know is to drop them in ChatGPT or Claude and just say, "Give me a list of every equation in this and what it does, why it's in there." It'll go through that and catalog it really quickly for you.
Speaker 2 | 03:34
Well, that's very helpful.
Speaker 3 | 03:37
And then you can like, ask, like, you can ask it to give you all kinds of stuff. And it's not, I wouldn't say it's a 100% right, but, like, the ones I saw was like ninety 8 or 99. I've used it quite a bit that way.
Anyway, wanted to get you guys all together. I mean, it looks like we're going to have basically as much as your time. Your time as we need. But I'm going to plan on 50%. And I kind of like. The way I was thinking this might work best is. Patrick, if you guys kind of, like, work together on this, you kind of lead it, keep Irene in the loop or what you do why you do it, like, treat it as like a teaching environment. To an extent. We can build another strong developer. That we need.
Patryk Mazinski | 04:27
Yeah. I was already working with Irene on the AI use case catalog, so this is just...
Speaker 3 | 04:38
Okay, so I don't think we need to take the full amount of time. I think that the first steps are we need to set up a GitHub. We need to get it going.
I think we just call it "Not enabled problem solving."
Patryk Mazinski | 04:51
I call it "Practitioners' playbooks," since that's what Paul said.
Speaker 3 | 05:00
Is it?
Patryk Mazinski | 05:00
Yeah.
Speaker 3 | 05:02
I heard AI enabled or AI empowered were the two options.
Patryk Mazinski | 05:07
AI and Howard problem solving. And I enable problem-solving.
Then we're going to call it a practitioner's playbook. So maybe the practitioner's playbook is the overall thing, and this is like an AA course within the practitioner's playbook.
Speaker 3 | 05:22
Well, so a practitioner's playbook is too generic because it's a practitioner's playbook for what?
Patryk Mazinski | 05:25
Okay. Yes.
Speaker 3 | 05:33
So I think we have AI problem-solving, or enabled problem-solving practitioner's playbook, or something that rolls off the tongue as easily as... Like the SSA AI problem?
Patryk Mazinski | 05:43
Like the SSA AII problem?
Speaker 3 | 05:53
So I think we got to think about that. I don't care what you call it. Right now, for now, just to set up the GitHub and get it going.
Patryk Mazinski | 05:59
8?
Speaker 3 | 05:59
We can always change it. Do you guys know? Have you seen the deck that's in there?
Patryk Mazinski | 06:06
Yeah, I have it open a o ety.
Speaker 3 | 06:10
AI or...
Yeah, so that's the basis for the information for it, with the exception of some work that I did that's not included in there, unfortunately. But I will send you guys my section. Find it.
This is what I'm sending right now, it is just the solutioning section and the sustainment section. I want to say let me rename this perspective, and I'm probably in selling.
Speaker 2 | 07:20
To open this in the browser.
Speaker 3 | 07:23
Yeah, you have to download it first because the stupid Microsoft like filtering. Yet another reason I want to avoid just giving them an HTML file. I've been trying to kind of shift away from that. So I think what would probably be best is if, like Irene, if you could just set up, like, a daily catch up for us. Whenever. Works for everybody's calendar.
And then, Patrick, if you can kind of start thinking about how you would architect this and like, what we would need. I would like to stay with our standard tech stack for this, and I want to plan on delivering in a Docker.
Patryk Mazinski | 08:15
But we're keeping at HTML, right? We're not doing, like, tailwind or anything.
Speaker 3 | 08:21
No, I think we deliver in a full Docker with whatever we want in it.
Patryk Mazinski | 08:23
Zero.
Speaker 3 | 08:28
HTML is fine. We're going to run into limitations on drawing stuff and the diagrams and things like that.
So I mean, to me, there's no more complication if it's in a Docker. If we're going to give them a Docker, we can do whatever we want in it because they're not going to... There's going to be... We could have an HTML in a Docker, or we could have a full front-end back-end in a Docker.
It's the same for them in terms of hosting. I think what I said earlier on the call, kind of like what we did for the research hub, is that this is going to be, I think, the kernel, the same type of kernel where we start from for a training hub.
We could duplicate it internally and externally. So I guess what I'm saying is I would love to make this the modules actually modular and be able to develop separate modules and then plug them in.
Patryk Mazinski | 09:50
Yeah. I mean, I'm imagining a series of courses. You click into the course, you get authorized, and it says that you completed the course and everything.
That is, I'm assuming, down the road.
Speaker 3 | 10:03
Yeah, exactly. I mean, yeah, I mean, like.
Patryk Mazinski | 10:08
I mean, I can. I can essentially copy Sammy and just make it courses. If we want to do that.
Speaker 3 | 10:19
That's kind of where I was thinking, like, we could copy the functionality from Sammy. And like, a slightly different... Is the SSA Marketing Intelligence Tool. Irene, we've just named it Sammy.
Patryk Mazinski | 10:31
I've named it Sammy, and everyone else has agreed that is the best name for it.
Speaker 3 | 10:33
That...
Patryk Mazinski | 10:36
So.
Speaker 3 | 10:42
It just so happens to be Ryan's son's name. So it was a very happy coincidence. But yeah, I think we can take a lot of the functionality from that tool and just replicate it with a slightly different UI on it.
This first one might only be one module, only one life course. So we might want to show it to the Inter, not show a course selection thing necessarily, if there aren't any other courses in it.
But we could have the back end ready so that when we want to add courses to it... I think I was thinking about what Paul was saying in the early one, like, "How do I edit things?" I think that's an important question for us to consider longer term.
So there's stuff that's going to be harder at it no matter what. But then I think in a lot of cases, instead of just embedding the text into the file, we might be able to have a way... So it's a separate file. Somebody can go in and edit the text, and then it just gets picked up when it's rendered in the browser.
So I'm not saying a full edit capability on these things, although we could... But just some way to easily access the text, even if it just means opening up text files in the back end and changing words around.
Patryk Mazinski | 12:38
Yeah, I'm imagining...
Speaker 3 | 12:39
I just...
Patryk Mazinski | 12:40
And again, this is down the road, but I'm imagining it. Like, for a particular course that's client-facing, there's a template for that course. Everything is the same except for the client's name and any specific things they want to change.
I don't know what the vector for that editing would be, but the text seems fine.
Speaker 3 | 13:03
Well, I mean, you know, for those specific items. I mean, I think. I think we're going to do more tailoring than that. So I don't know if it's worth.
Because this Metro example that he has in there is very protective focused. If we're doing it for other companies, we're probably going to do a tailored, you know, example for theirs. How much different that is, I don't know, because most of the stuff is semi generic anyway, but I just. I'm putting all this stuff out there because I want you guys to kind of think of like what this might look like in and state.
So whatever we build now is on that path. And we don't get limited and need to do like a really complex refactoring. Okay. Questions, comments, complaints, concerns, requests.
Patryk Mazinski | 14:04
Is the PowerPoint the totality of the information that should be within the course?
Speaker 3 | 14:13
The PowerPoint plus that HTML that I sent you.
Patryk Mazinski | 14:16
Okay. The initial HTML you sent is just the PowerPoint that you did a quick prompt on. Or...
Speaker 3 | 14:26
It's everything. It's including the one I sent you earlier. It's everything. Just as an example of all the data in there. Mine is just a few sections of it. The second one I sent you is just a few sections.
So I guess I would... Don't look at the one I sent you earlier as a reference. Look at the PowerPoint as a reference for the layout, right? I like what they did with showing prompts as little pieces of paper that somebody might type in, but maybe we want to show it as somebody actually typing that into a browser or into... They use Copilot, unfortunately.
So I think you guys know that. So maybe we tailor it that way.
Patryk Mazinski | 15:22
Okay. So I'm imagining sections within each section, there are pages, and you move from page to page in that section, and then it marks it as complete when you're done with that section.
Speaker 3 | 15:40
Yeah. I don't think it needs to be... I think we can be relatively flexible with how long a page is. It doesn't have to be like in a PowerPoint, you run out of space and you have to do another page right here.
I think we can scroll down on that page, right? So don't think of it...
Patryk Mazinski | 16:01
Yeah, the pages should be and context-dependent.
Speaker 3 | 16:01
I'm just like functionally sized.
Patryk Mazinski | 16:10
Everything on the page should have the same... Yeah. Then as the topic changes, you go to the next page.
Speaker 3 | 16:17
Yeah, you can do more, you can do less. Think about, like, interactivity with the words. There is, you know, I added a A glossary in there, like that kind of stuff.
Patryk Mazinski | 16:23
The glossr. Now.
Speaker 3 | 16:30
Being able to click on words and have them pop up.
I think that's useful for people who are learning. Then we should at least build in that AI coach as an option, which I don't think will be super difficult either.
Patryk Mazinski | 16:46
Can we...? I'm assigning we can use our own API key and hide it within the Docker.
Speaker 3 | 16:55
Yeah, it would just be in like an environment. Yeah, and I think I would have an interface for entering an API key that gets saved in the environment and an admin of the app.
Patryk Mazinski | 17:10
They can access it. Or...
Speaker 3 | 17:13
Yes, because I think if we turn it over to them, they might want to use it in their own...
Like. I don't know what the negotiation is going to be, whether we're going to host it for them and maintain it, and they can use our API key, or they're going to want to use their own. We should have the ability to do both.
That's easy to do. I would like not limit ourselves to Claude. Let's do both like an OpenAI and a Claude where they can pick the model or... Can pick the model.
Patryk Mazinski | 17:50
And then do we want user tracking as in well as it there's a user tracking within the tool.
Speaker 3 | 17:58
Yes, I think.
Patryk Mazinski | 18:02
So, if I left off on section two and came back three days later, the same person goes back to section two and it's completed. Or, our user tracking where we see everything they do in the Docker.
Speaker 3 | 18:18
Yes.
Patryk Mazinski | 18:19
Both. Okay.
Speaker 3 | 18:22
As well as metrics potentially for them to output like how many people have completed it, how many people started it, and how many people haven't touched it?
Patryk Mazinski | 18:31
This is more complex than I thought, but okay, says the man who doesn't have to work on it.
Speaker 3 | 18:37
I don't think that'll be that tough. I'm happy to help you guys. I'm trying not to do it because I think it's a good learning experience.
Part of the reason for not doing a bare-bones thing is I think this is a good opportunity for us to make something real.
Patryk Mazinski | 19:03
Okay.
Speaker 3 | 19:05
Doing the bare minimum. 15 pieces of flair is the bare minimum. Patrik, do you want to go home?
Patryk Mazinski | 19:12
Well, I make. I just make stuff that looks pretty. If it works. That's, you know, somebody else's problem.
Speaker 3 | 19:20
To be honest, with the way protective works, I think that should be sufficient.
So anyway, I mean, all of this stuff might not make it, and let's just see what's possible. I think today to tomorrow, what I would like to do is focus on just getting a plan in place, go into planning mode, and Claude or whatever, build out a detailed plan. Let's talk about it, argue about the specifics, phase it out, and
get a level of effort in there. That's at least where my brain is. We get it set up like all the basics are set up today. I can get you API keys, and then we get the plan in place and tomorrow morning we agree on, "Okay, we're good. Let's start building."
Patryk Mazinski | 20:17
Yeah, sounds good.
Speaker 3 | 20:20
They are so hard to read sometimes.
Patryk Mazinski | 20:23
Yes, I'm a great poker player because of that.
Speaker 3 | 20:24
Feel like I'm in...
I'm a horrible poker player. Can tell. So, but yeah, if you think I'm being crazy, just tell me you're pretty good at that.
Patryk Mazinski | 20:37
No, I don't think this is definitely buildable. It's just hasn't been done before where we handed over to the client, so that's my only concern.
Speaker 3 | 20:51
We have a few in the pipeline that are going to be like this. We're doing an ATW logistics one. Bon is working on one that's like a forecasting tool. I mean, there are a couple in the pipeline, and we have to figure this out.
So, if I think it would be absolutely fine if... At the end of 30 days or... Sorry, the end of the month. Unfortunately, the short month. So at the end of 27 days, we're not in a leap, are we? No, 27 days. We have something hosted on Render that they can access, and we have to figure out the particulars of migrating it over to their server and whatever.
I think that'll be fine. I'll confirm that, but I think that's going to be fine.
Patryk Mazinski | 21:43
Yeah, now we'll have something to show. I mean, even what you sent over today is good enough to show you have something to show by tomorrow.
Speaker 3 | 21:54
We don't... I don't watch them. I think we should plan on showing Paul something by Wednesday. I was a business Wednesday. Basically, I want to show him an MVP that covers everything we need to talk about, like what other options are out there, and what's left in our phase.
We can have the conversation about turning it over to them, that kind of stuff. The point of giving it to him on Wednesday is not necessarily that the app is done, it's so he can start going through the content and validating it because at the end of the day, it's going to be his content and how he wants to say most things. Now, I wrote my entire section, and he said he liked the way I wrote it.
But I could imagine him going back and... He mentioned it today. I think the way the document was originally written is a little difficult for somebody who doesn't already have knowledge of these tools.
So I think we've got to be a little bit more... I think there's going to be some changes to the content there, at least in terms of verbiage.
Patryk Mazinski | 23:15
What's your guys? GitHub.
Speaker 2 | 23:24
I do not know mine.
Speaker 3 | 23:27
Create one with your work email. Okay, so, Irene, GitHub is just an online repository tool. Are you familiar with it?
Patryk Mazinski | 23:47
Have you used GitHub before? Ine.
Speaker 2 | 23:51
Honestly, it was just that one experience at the with you. Matt yeah.
Speaker 3 | 23:57
Okay, so basically, it's a good collaboration tool that allows you to track issues and communicate with other people on the team about specific things. There you can set up forums. But the primary purpose of it is to maintain traceability and version control of the software, so it hosts all the code up there. You can copy it straight from that. Remember the Git pull stuff that we did at the offsite? You can copy it down. Your... And then a couple of terms.
So what are called branches? So a branch of a repo is essentially a copy of it that you're modifying. So I have my main branch, which is like my production piece. We don't modify that directly. What we do is we copy that into a new branch and we call it "feature AI coach."
Then we build an AI coach on top of that code, and then we submit a pull request through that. So you'll commit that change. I'm just going to say these words. Don't... You'll commit... You'll commit that change and then you'll push that change, and then...
The AI will do this all for you, if you ask it. Then create a pull request. So I think Patryk will be the one reviewing them. That pull request is essentially... I think I'm ready to integrate this into dev or whatever.
You can have many branches, and we'll review it, we'll do testing on it, and then once that's approved, we'll merge it into whatever branch we wanted to dev or main or whatever.
So that's just it. It's a way to compartmentalize things so that you can go and work on stuff independent of us. You're not breaking anything necessarily that we're doing. And then when we do that merge, if you did change something else that was modified somewhere else, like after you had copied Maine, it'll have a merged conflict.
We'll just have to figure out how to address the conflict. That's rare. If we do it right, the conflict shouldn't happen because we'll each be working on separate things that don't overlap too much.
So that's what GitHub is. It's basically just a glorified SharePoint system purpose-built for managing code repositories. I know it sounds a little intimidating right now, but once you start using it and playing with it, it's pretty straightforward.
Okay, do you have a premium? Do you have a named account in Claude?
Patryk Mazinski | 27:09
Now she has an SS A something.
Speaker 2 | 27:12
Yeah.
Speaker 3 | 27:14
Do you have a Codex account?
Speaker 2 | 27:16
No.
Speaker 3 | 27:17
Or do you have chat BT name?
Patryk Mazinski | 27:18
She has Claude Codex and running in with the ASA blank.
Speaker 2 | 27:19
So I have a name to chatg yup.
Patryk Mazinski | 27:24
I forget the number.
Speaker 3 | 27:29
I'm going to ask Nick if we can set up a specific account for this.
So I'll see what he does. But I think if we get a premium account, we'll default to Claude Codex since we'll all be on it. If not, we'll just see Irene. You can work in Codex, and it's the same.
It's not a big deal one way or the other. I actually prefer... Cloud code web, which is essentially... Who's sharing right now?
Patryk Mazinski | 28:20
She has cloud code with her and an SS A account. Irene opened up Claude Codex.
Speaker 2 | 28:42
Me this is just the install.
Speaker 3 | 28:48
Yeah, no, you're right, Patrick, but I was referring to cl I you don't get cl. Yeah, I know you're right.
Patryk Mazinski | 28:58
Only the psychos once stay alive.
Speaker 3 | 29:05
Until you've tried the box, you've never really lived. I set up an agent team the other day with TMX and it popped up a bunch of windows and each agent had its own little window that I could talk to it.
It was great. It was amazing.
Patryk Mazinski | 29:21
Soon you won't need us, friends.
Speaker 3 | 29:22
So why do I know I'll set up a Patrick agent and an Irene agent? Your like personalities from the transcripts.
Patryk Mazinski | 29:23
You'll just have a pod code to chat with.
Many sarcastic elements.
Speaker 3 | 29:38
Patrick slightly insults me on a regular basis. It's sarcastic about anything.
I think Irene is a great person and super enthusiastic.
Patryk Mazinski | 29:50
Very categorically different people, different ages.
Speaker 3 | 29:51
He wanted. Yeah. Anyway, I'll let you guys go get smart on it, go through the document, get it set up, and then, like, we can review the plan tomorrow. Tomorrow whenever he's up that meeting Irene I would prefer morning on these.
Speaker 2 | 30:12
I have one for 09:30.
Speaker 3 | 30:14
Perfect. 09:30 eastern, yes. Okay, got you. That works. All right, tomorrow's Friday already. It's my daughter's birthday.
Speaker 2 | 30:32
Happy early birthday.
Speaker 3 | 30:33
I have to bake a cake. We're doing a unicorn cake with purple and white unicorn with a flower.
Speaker 2 | 30:45
Purple and white is such a theme.
Speaker 3 | 30:48
She loves purple, so I'm going to do a purple cake with white icing.
Speaker 2 | 30:57
Despite my... What's it? So on theme with... Was it?
Speaker 3 | 31:04
Exactly.
Speaker 2 | 31:05
Yeah, that's your personal life.
Speaker 3 | 31:10
Well, when you have a three year old, you just kind of do what they tell you. She is a terrorist or else you end up with slime. Never let your children play with slime. My wife... Because she loves it. Never let them play with slime. It gets everywhere. It sticks to things, dries up, and you can never get it out.
So you make her mad, and she will come after you with slime in ways that you never expect. [Laughter] She's a maniac. She stopped at one. I shouldn't say that. She's like the sweetest girl. My older one's a rule follower who listens, takes two showers a day, changes her clothes every time she does anything, super concerned about what she wears. Even when she was two, she would pick out her clothes. The other one doesn't care about any of that stuff. Runs around like a maniac, just never stops moving. Yell, scream, dump.
But then she... The biggest, the sweetest little... She's so nice. Says thank you all the time. It's so bizarre. Yeah, I don't know, it's weird when you have kids and they're completely different from each other.
So anyway, you guys don't care, so... [Laughter] Yeah, let me know if you have any questions. In the meantime, I'll pull up some API keys in a minute and I'll send them over to Patryk and we can build them.
I'll actually send them both to you so we all have them. All right? Let me know if anything comes up and I'll see you guys tomorrow.
