Patryk Mazinski | 00:00
He.
Speaker 2 | 00:06
I was just saying good morning. Are we all excited to be here today? Of course, I was going to say you were close, Patrick. I didn't know if I could get a form out of you, so I just wanted to get everybody together because Paul and I have been talking about this for a while. We want to get everybody on the same page. I don't think, Paul,
unless you know what staffing is going to be, if you've heard anything more...
Speaker 3 | 00:34
No, I have got a go ahead, and Nick is aligned. So we're going to try to catch as many contributors as we can and hopefully make it not painful for anybody. I just added Irene, you, and Patrick. I don't know if I've added you previously or not, but there is a channel out on teams that has all the foundational materials, so I don't...
Yeah, I don't know if you want me to showcase something or if you want to... Where do you want to take us?
Speaker 2 | 01:18
Let me just... I get them on the same page and then we can figure out where we want to go from there. I'm not quite sure exactly yet, because it's hard planning when you don't know if Irene's going to be attached or not.
So here's the overarching ask, right? So Paul and team have created this great program on AI for Protective, basically to teach them how to problem-solve effectively with AI using new tools. It's essentially what we've been doing for thirty years with six Sigma Lean, just with new tools and new phrasing.
We're not referencing those like the same sort of verbiage, right? He brought me in later just to work on the solutioning section. I looked at it and I was like, "Yeah, I was doing it, and it was good, but I was like, "Hey, we're doing all this stuff with apps now.
What would this look like as an app?" So on a lark, I just threw it in and took a look at it, ran it by Paul. Paul liked it, I guess Wayne liked it as well. It scratches an itch that SSA has had for a while where we have all these great training materials, but they're all buried or very hard to find.
So I think the long-term vision of this is to get to a training platform that we could essentially tailor to clients and give them access to, etc. But in the short term, all we're really looking to do by the end of this month is turn the content we have into a semi-interactive app that has some basic tracking and it potentially user access or something like that we could give people access to, to know which of the clients have been in there, what they've done, where, and how far they've gone.
But nothing complicated from an app perspective. Paul, feel free to jump in if I'm misspeaking.
Speaker 3 | 03:26
No, so really, we're just trying to modernize the way we deliver this. So in the past, it's always been, you know, the 157 slide PowerPoint deck and, you know, with instructor led training and that feels though 1990 S it kind of makes me gag.
So. But we were going down that path because that was. You didn't really have anything better. And then Matthew showed us what it would look like an HML format. And like, I was gobsmacked by the whole thing because it's exactly what we need.
So now we've got half the content in HTML and half and PowerPoint. And the Desire is that this all kind of comes together in a platform that we can have as sort of our core materials and sells it or we sell it to.
And then that'll become their core training. And whether you know, this is sort of a coach effort or a learn on your own, we'll have the flexibility to do BO right.
Speaker 2 | 04:34
So I mean, from my perspective, from a technology perspective, this is straightforward, right? It's nothing complicated. I think we could even... The other thing I was thinking about last night is I think we could build in a small AI chatbot in the app like we've done on other things.
Paul, I guess that leads me to my other question from a technical perspective, do we envision hosting this for them or are we going to just give them the file? What are your thoughts?
Speaker 3 | 05:07
So for the protection, let's build it so that we can hand them the file and then they can put it up on their own SharePoint site and then they can distribute it that way. Ultimately, I would love to have us host this and then allow people in, but for the first MVP, I think just a file to hand them would be great.
Speaker 2 | 05:31
Okay, do they...? What AI platform do they use now? Copilot.
Speaker 3 | 05:40
So some people have... So the special people have Claude, but the everyday folks, they've settled on Copilot, and they've got about 100 licenses out there, and they're looking to expand that. For an enterprise license, it would cover about 3000.
So I think for the everyday user, they're going to stick with Copilot, and then they'll get upgrades for people that need it. Okay, Claude, or whatever.
Speaker 2 | 06:08
So the reason I asked that is even in a file that we hand them, we could build the opportunity for them to add an API key to have because I honestly think and this isn't going to have much time for us to develop it. I honestly think that having an in-app chatbot would really help people.
If this is self-guided, they can ask an AI, and we can give it clear direction like how it should respond, what kind of corpus of information it should pull from, all that kind of stuff. And it would like I think that would just kind of w them and you know, they we could make it optional that they can enable it or not.
But I think that's all kind of within the realm of basic possibility. So I guess from like let me lay out the requirements and React. So the primary is get all of the content that we have now in a similar web based format. Keywords similar. Some things won't look exactly the same. The pages might flow a little bit differently.
And we can argue about like what's where on those and how to kind of break up the sections. But I think that's like priority one. We need to do that underneath that, I think there's enhancements. Probably second layer on that is kind of user level access and tracking so that they can, you know, we can have people log into it in a basic like basic way.
And then and along with that, some metrics for an admin type person who can go in there and see maybe who's done what, how many pages have been accessed, like what's the average completion percentage or whatever.
So some like how many minutes have been spent in the app, that kind of stuff? I don't know. We'll see what's possible there in a standalone. I can't promise much, but we'll have some metrics at least there.
And then I think third level is kind of what we were talking about with like the AI chat bot, you know, some kind of like built in AI coach, right? Maybe how I would say it. Okay.
Speaker 3 | 08:47
Now that sounds great. The one ask Matthew. And this is, you know, that I expose my ignorance on coding an HTML because I'm not familiar with it, but I'd love to learn the. I do think we need a section, and we don't have it anything just yet, but I think we just need a pop out kind of thing that tells the story of what they're going to see, right?
So basically just a text thing that walks through what the example is, where it goes and what the conclusions are up front. So they can read, you know, so they'll know what the plot is, you know, and then.
And then I think the rest of it will make more sense as they see the discovery process. They got to the answer. But you know, using sort of the old like Sunday Night movie thing with Colombo where they know the answer before the for this, rather than try to build it as they go because it'll be more work, I think, to give them the answer in pieces than it would be just upfront.
So.
Speaker 2 | 09:47
Okay, so we can add a section on the front maybe like how to use this app or something like that. That kind of walks them through them. Yeah.
Speaker 3 | 09:53
They say, "Hey, we're going to... This app is built on an example that follows through the content, and here's the story behind that example. This is what you'll see. This is where we're going to take you."
Speaker 2 | 10:05
So tell them what we're going to tell them. Then tell them what you told them.
Speaker 3 | 10:11
Yes. And I think that'll fill in all the gaps because even reading through the some of the solution content, you know, it's like, well, you know, how do we get to the point where we're looking at like the miles of travel that a TE technician made, right?
And rather than try to build all that in, I think just showing it up front. W just as a story, you know, one page read and you're good.
Speaker 2 | 10:32
I think we can do something as we move through that kind of shows where you are in that path. So if we lay out the path up front, like we're going to do this, and then we're going to do this, and then we're going to do this, and then we're going to do this, and then...
I mean, you guys did it a little bit in the document in the corner, but I think we could do a little bit more prominently. That's like here's the section you're in. And, you know, maybe even be able to click on that and see kind of the learning objectives of that section or that section covers because that's the kind of stuff that we can add. Now that's like you can't do in a PowerPoint, right? Interactivity help. We can have, like, you know, all of the terms and stuff underlined, and they can click them and have a little like, moo little box pop up that says, like, hey, you know, this is what this means. Or, you know, here's the definitions term or whatever. Or here's more information on it.
And it can take them to like, you know, the glossary, or it could take them wherever. But yeah, and then some way for them to track their own progress, like, how far am I have it started back up and where they left off, that kind of stuff.
Speaker 3 | 11:42
Yeah, and all of that is bonus, right? Because I think Wayne and John's expectations are just that. This is a content delivery system. So anything above and beyond that will shock and wow everybody. One thing.
I think Wayne ultimately wants to hand over a protective branded version. I want to make sure that we build out the SSA version first. Right? So I know you said it's pretty simple to change the template. I'm getting a style guide from the comms department and protective.
Speaker 2 | 12:16
It'll be perfect.
Speaker 3 | 12:17
Okay? Then... But you know, I said this needs to be an SSA asset, not a client deliverable. So... Well, every is cool.
Speaker 2 | 12:27
We can basically make it scannable. I mean, it's like the way CSS works in HN. So CSS is like the style sheets that define how things look on the pages. The way it works. I mean, you can literally have one block in there and you can say these colors in these areas. Here's the accent color, here's the base color, and then logos. You swap in a logo, you swap out six codes, and you have a completely new website.
So okay, we can do that very easily.
Speaker 3 | 13:00
It just might be easier working in blue than purple. They're purple. Yeah, it's a little overpowering.
Speaker 2 | 13:09
We could we can figure out ways to make it, like, purple, but mostly white. So, like, the purple is more of like a. Like highlight? Yeah, like an accent. Than it's, you know, it looks a little bit more professional that way and stuff. I actually did some work for a company called Precisely that was all purple. I hated it.
Speaker 3 | 13:29
It's a little eye-taxing, to be honest. After you... Because they do a lot of reverse. So Precisely is white on a purple background, and it just... Wow, it's a lot.
Speaker 2 | 13:41
It's the new color for a lot of companies now. A lot of these tech companies have gone purple for whatever reason. I think it's just because it was an unexplored color for a long time.
Speaker 3 | 13:53
Yeah.
Speaker 2 | 13:54
So now it's like, "I want to be different." Right, my icon is purple.
Patryk Mazinski | 14:04
Tavian has mustard. So this is better than that by a hair.
Speaker 3 | 14:09
The only thing worse is Oprah. That's bad.
Patryk Mazinski | 14:11
Yeah, mustard [Laughter].
Speaker 3 | 14:12
That was an old SSA color, and that was like, "Okay, is it gold, is it yellow? Is it just...?" Yeah.
Speaker 2 | 14:20
I kind of like mustard in some ways. Like it's I it like a nice deep yellow is an interesting color to me. Okay, I understand how it can get annoying over time. It's no blow.
Speaker 3 | 14:36
So, Matthew, do you want me to give Patrick and Irene a quick rundown background on what we're doing? Okay? So protective. So here's where this came from, right? So this is like eight months ago, somebody said, "You know what? We really need to take the America and lean and put it into the digital era, right?"
So nobody's using mini tabs anymore, nobody's doing statistical tests when you can just analyze the full data stack. We need to move because we can't really teach this as a methodology anymore. So that started a journey in terms of what that looked like when we got to Protective. Protective is actually our old Countrywide clients.
So they saw a need to upskill their staff and initially came in with this idea of green belts and black belts and master black belts and do may. We said, "Well, we can do that, but really that's training people on cutting tablets and out of stone to communicate."
There are much better ways to do that. So they got excited about it. Then they said, "Okay, well, we need materials." So one of the things that I did way back when with Ford was to specify in communicating to people that aren't like process thinkers was to build an example that carried all the way through. The problem with that is when I did the engineering example for Ford and the finance guys wanted a finance example and then the sales guys wanted a sales example, and you don't want to get into that.
So what I did was I came up with a generic example that I think 70% of the population relate to, which is customer satisfaction for cable TV companies or Internet providers, right? Essentially those are public-related or public-regulated utilities. When they want to raise their prices, they have to go before a public service commission.
The key thing that the Public Service Commission is keying in on whether they approved the rate increase or not is customer satisfaction. So the story and it's embedded in the slide. But basically, the story is that they're getting ready for a rate increase in eight months. They're going to go before the PSC... They know they have crappy customer satisfaction, but don't know why.
As it turns out in the story, the reason that they don't have good customer satisfaction is that they have these huge appointment windows like "Stay in your house between 10 and 2, we'll get to you sometime."
Typically, they miss a fair number of their appointments. So then we go into "Well, why are you missing the appointments?" and we find out that all the technicians are running all over their service area and spending a lot more time driving to the next service appointment than necessary.
So ultimately, we drill down through all that to get to a point where we have three solutions, which is "You can take your truck home at night and start from your house rather than driving into the home office each day, which is a 20-minute drive." We're going to take the service area and cut it up into zones and then assign the technicians to zones, right?
That has some entanglements on that too. The third one is instead of giving you a stack of service tickets in the morning that you have to route through, we're going to do some sort of dynamic routing where you get your first one and then we analyze which the next one is closest to. You might even do some sort of API into some sort of real-time traffic analysis so we can figure out what your traffic flow patterns are and just make sure that we optimize your next service point based on what you've just completed.
So that's where we end up in the story, and I think we leave it there because we give them a prioritization tool, but we're not building anything off of that. That will be the 201 course where it's not really for general practitioners, but more along the lines of how you can use AI to help assemble code and things like that.
But that's a whole different course where this one just ends with "We've got you to an answer much quicker than you would if you were doing Fishbone diagrams and process maps."
Speaker 2 | 18:52
Perfect. It's this is really fun for me because this is an area, like, coincidentally, that we've been trying to, like, play at for like a year now. Like the digital lean concept. And I think, like, to me, it's exciting because we're finally getting traction on what is. What does that actually mean?
Like Kaisan events and like investigation methods and all this stuff that we've been, I think, kind of becoming real. And so I think like this, while it's a small project now, I think this could materially change how we do, how we consult pretty much across the board with companies.
Speaker 3 | 19:45
Matthew, just I'm going to make an executive-level decision on the naming of this and seek your input. It's either going to be AI-empowered problem solving or AI-enabled problem solving, whichever the stronger medium is, and we're going to call it a practitioner's playbook.
We're not going to get into some high-minded methodology name for it. We can add that later, but I want it to be fairly generic so that everybody can use it. So we've got...
Speaker 2 | 20:20
I personally love that. And I think enabled is my preference, but like, okay.
Speaker 3 | 20:25
That's fine, but you'll see some terminology in there. I think it was like the... I don't know what a TAOMTIM whatever. It was like...
Speaker 2 | 20:39
MT, yeah.
Speaker 3 | 20:40
It was the third iteration of something that had a GenAI in it, and then we didn't like that. So I just kept it simple. So I was going to go through and scrub that for that.
Speaker 2 | 20:52
I was going to say, like the deck in general, I think we could maybe like, as I was rereading it come like at least my sections come across a little. A little bit at arm's length and less like maybe kind of. I don't know, just simple, I think is the word that we should think about on every page there. Does this make sense to somebody?
Because... I don't know if we've mentioned this, guys, but we touched on it a little bit. But the audience for this are people who are not technically savvy. They are not... Assume they know nothing.
This is their first foray into AI, and they're maybe... They're basically familiar with problem-solving, but this is going to be new to them. So we have to walk them through it at a very detailed level, at a very simple, straightforward level, and to make sure that they pick it up. We're not trying to make experts. We're trying to make people who are generally competent with these tools.
Speaker 3 | 21:59
Right? There's nothing sacred in the PowerPoint. So if a diagram doesn't work in the new format, let's just change the diagram. If a prompt is not the way that we should write it, let's just change the prompt.
I mean, it's just... There's really nothing sacred in it. So I think we've got the folks that know the most about it here. So let's make it right.
Speaker 2 | 22:25
Who wrote it with the knees? And you?
Speaker 3 | 22:29
You know, to be fair, I did probably 90% of it. And I think Denise did a lot of formatting and some changes to make it look good. But in terms of the. A lot of the words, I think are mostly mine. I think she changed a couple of graphics just to make them a little simpler.
But, you know, again, we can even change the, you know. You know, I've heard a couple say, well, it's diagnosed and then it's designed and then it's Prioritized and if we want to change that construct to.
I think we're everything's open.
Speaker 2 | 23:04
Okay? Perfect. I just wanted to know who to go to if we had questions about, you know, a specific thing. And we'll just go to you. Okay? Okay. I linked that, like, real early, real fast copy and chat just to give you guys a feeling of what we're talking about. Let me share it so we can walk it. I like. My point in this is I want you guys to think about this as something I threw together in, like, you know, a couple of hours just to kind of show Paul, you know, so that we could, you know, for as a visualization. More than anything else, I don't think it has to look exactly like this. In fact, I would expect it not to look like this in a lot of ways, but just kind of wanted to give you a feel for, like, the direction a little bit, right?
So some sort of.
Speaker 3 | 24:05
Just to be fair, Matthew, everybody likes the way it looks. So I don't know that you need to do drastic changes.
Speaker 2 | 24:11
I don't think so either. I just think we want to be... I don't want to limit us to it says pages 1 to 3 in the top right corner. No, if something doesn't make sense, let's take it out, right? Let's do this the right way.
I don't want to anchor you guys. What I did quickly. Right? So as we think about this, let's just start from scratch a little bit with this in mind and then build. Okay? Do you guys have any questions?
Patryk Mazinski | 24:57
For the tracking and chat bot features. If we're handing it over, there's obviously difficulty with that.
Speaker 2 | 25:06
Two.
Patryk Mazinski | 25:07
That would have to be hosted if we want those functionalities. So just something to keep in mind.
Speaker 2 | 25:10
Paul, I think that's maybe something that if... So as you have conversations with them. Yeah, maybe the question is if we give you a Docker container, yeah, can like is that would you guys be able to host that internally or like what?
And if not, like what? What format would you want this in? Yeah, I think HML is fine, but it's going to limit us pretty significantly in the long term. We're going to have to go deeper than that.
Speaker 3 | 25:47
But what would you want to put it in?
Speaker 2 | 25:50
I'd want to hand them a Docker container because basically just do whatever we want. And then and that should not be it should not be a crazy thing for them to post a container like a Docker internally and they shift.
Speaker 3 | 26:11
Then I think they have an LMS so that would be able to connect into the LMS, right, and do the completion and tracking data, don't you?
Speaker 2 | 26:24
That is more difficult. What we could do, and I think MVP would be we can output the data in a flat file or something like a CSV.
Speaker 3 | 26:35
Okay.
Speaker 2 | 26:36
Perfect. Then they can either manually or they can ingest it into their LMS, however they will.
Speaker 3 | 26:42
Okay, perfect.
Speaker 2 | 26:45
Just so you're aware for future things, when we talk about integration between systems, that is the next level of complexity. We're not super good at it, and we would need to know a lot more about what we're touching and how, what database we're connecting to and stuff like that. That makes that risky and semi-difficult.
Speaker 3 | 27:09
Okay, perfect. All right. Okay. Tom, right? Yep. Feel free to reach out to me on teams or shoot me an email or whatever you need. I'm at your disposal.
Speaker 2 | 27:25
So I think we want to dr we want a MVP or an internal first pass at this probably mid next week, maybe late next week and then some refinement into.
Patryk Mazinski | 27:31
And e. What's the timeline for this?
Speaker 2 | 27:44
I believe the client wants it by the end of the month.
Speaker 3 | 27:47
Yeah, that's... We've said the end of the month or the first week of March to be able to hand them something now. Their expectations are a PowerPoint deck. So if we don't have all the bells and whistles we really want on it,
I think that they'll still be pretty much blown away. So, don't break a pick on it.
Speaker 2 | 28:10
Yeah. So I mean, I think it's realistic to put it together by like Wednesday of next week and have like a refinement.
Patryk Mazinski | 28:15
No, I...
Speaker 2 | 28:17
And then that gives us like a good ten days of Slack in there in case we want to do other things.
Speaker 3 | 28:25
Now, Matthew, do you want me to do any sort of editorial review or should I...? I know I should be reading through it. Then if I do have wording changes or something like that, how should I submit those? We'll just have to figure that out.
Speaker 2 | 28:40
Well, we'll have a... What we'll do is we'll add a feedback section in the app, and you can just add all your feedback directly there, okay? Or just write it down and send it to us. We can... Okay, have it update. Those are pretty easy. Irene, Patrick, real quick, I think... Patrick, I'd like you to take the lead on this since you have more time. Irene, I want to keep you involved because I want you to learn how we do this.
I know you've worked on that skill. This is like that next level, and so I really want to keep you involved. I will schedule however I can get meetings. If you can't make it because of an... Commitment or whatever, just let me know.
It's fine. We'll catch you up after. I just want to keep you in the loop.
Speaker 3 | 29:32
Yeah, absolutely, and I really appreciate it.
Speaker 2 | 29:35
Of course. Okay, thanks. See you guys. Thank you.
